hello from honking happy and welcome to
some minecraft science here we are in
snapshot 12w 41b and I've managed to
work out how to duplicate villages with
exact trades all these four here used to
be one they've all got the same trade
the one wandering up there and this is
done the end so we just push this one in
the mine cart we can get him in there up
take it up there and follow in and all
we have to do is push him through the
end portal and then he reappears on the
Obsidian platform back there and they
duplicate it's very strange but i
thought i'd share it with everyone
because I've been playing on with my
emerald trading farms the only thing is
to get them out of there then to get
into the portal I do this in sec and the
anointing always was to em smile my
emerald farm basically was done on
trades and they seem to change the
breeding algorithm so Vishal through I'd
for to begin with so there you go and
then we'll go back yes I was having
trouble with getting my trades to
reassure themselves on my trading farm
and I was going to make the village and
NT so about the huge noise there and now
we have five one two three four five all
with the same trade so what I want to do
was bring these to the end see if
they'll spawn llangollen but after
getting one here and pushing through the
input for some fun on my LP I made a
duplicate them so there's five of them
all the same trade so you could do this
with wheat and things I guess I have an
active test out trades himself I'm just
starting to look into it now my LP but
it's very curious thing and i thought
i'd like to show everyone and i haven't
seen it yet so but i'll give you this
little view and this will feature in my
next LP episode as well very briefly and
i'm replying with these in future and
seeing what possibilities there are as I
curiosity we kill one now the others
still stay alive that also make me think
that when you trade with one they will
not affect the other trades at all there
arc really independent entities now so
that's a fun thing i found out with it
hopefully it's not patched not soon yet
anyway let's have some fun first ok and
I'm add a bit to this video sorry about
that but I tried iron golems I don't
know yet going on to spawn naturally but
I pushed my golem through the end and I
got four yep that's it I got four back
so we do it again there's four there at
the moment and I'm gonna pick up with
his pumpkins that work for lighting it's
just I'm doing this on the fly I expect
you could do this with IM snow golems as
well deadly snow on me but i'm sure you
try it so I'm certainly have any use so
I wasn't too worried about that but I
pick up on these moon lights again and
we'll try this I to make some space that
they would fit in so there was four
there
and you go we were just run back so
don't get the cart noises and if this
does work then that could be a infinite
iron golem army to kill Endermen around
here would be hilarious fun fly LP there
you go and see how many out here now oh
wow 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 yep there you are
and that was holding a flower and the
only one whole new flower so they are
completely new ones and not even
duplicate to themselves so there's qwop
qube copulated acid as word on two three
four five six seven eight I guess one on
gone in makes 4 iron golems come out one
village in makes two villages come out
very good and we just more testing if
you do trading with one villager then
the trays that come after that trade are
different from the other ones you
replicated it with so this is great fun
for me oh say yes that's why I found so
far if I find anything else supported
pop another video but I hope you've
enjoyed this and I hope you got a bit of
fun even if you're not going to use any
practical purposes I don't think I will
I just want to have some fun with it
I've already make these and send them
out there to kill Endermen just fly like
hearing end up and die so yeah thank you
very much for joining me guys up King
happy and I see again next time